.\" Manpage for iid_query.sh.
.TH iid_query.sh 1 "08 Nov 2022" "1.0" "iid_query.sh man page"
.SH NAME
\fBiid_query.sh\fR - query and export non-rsid records (exculeded comments)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBiid_query.sh\fR [\fB-hr\fR] [\fB-s\fR \fIpath/to/source\fR] [\fB-D\fR \fIpath/to/destination\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBiid_query.sh\fR reads the gt files and export any record that does not precede with rsid except comments (recognised by #). The exported record of each file is saved in the given destination directory or the child directory under the source directory named '\fIiid\fR'. The exported file will have '\fI_iid\fR' (or '\fI_rsid\fR' in reverse mode) appended after the original file name, and before the file extension. See below the exported file name.
.br
.B "	filename_original.gt	filename_original_iid.gt"
.br
.B "	filename_original2.gt	filename_original2_rsid.gt"
.LP
More details see the available options.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB-D\fR \fIpath/to/destination\fR
.br
	The path of the destination directory. Empty value is pretended as \*(lq\fI./idd\fR\*(rq is supplied. In reverse mode, empty value is default to \*(lq\fI./rsid\fR\*(rq.
.LP
\fB-h\fR
.br
	Display the usage.
.LP
\fB-r\fR
.br
	Reverse mode. The rsid records will be queried instead of any other private id.
.LP
\fB-s\fR \fIpath/to/source\fR
.br
	The path of the source directory. Empty value is pretended as \*(lq\fI.\fR\fR\*(rq is supplied, thus the current working directory is used.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Report bugs to the project Github directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Jiaming Zhang, part of the Check De Test project 2022.
