.\" Manpage for iid_query.sh.
.TH snp_query 1 "14 Nov 2022" "1.3" "snp_query man page"
.SH NAME
\fBsnp_query\fR - query and export non-rsid records (exculeded comments)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsnp_query\fR [\fB-hrv\fR] [\fB--help\fR] [\fB--reverse\fR] [\fB--version\fR] [\fB-s\fR|\fB--source\fR \fIpath/to/source\fR] [\fB-D\fR|\fB--destination\fR \fIpath/to/destination\fR] [\fB-f\fR|\fB--file\fR \fIpath/to/file\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsnp_query\fR reads the gt files and export any record that does not precede with rsid except comments (recognised by #). The exported record of each file is saved in the given destination directory or the child directory under the source directory named '\fIiid\fR'. The exported file will have '\fI_iid\fR' (or '\fI_rsid\fR' in reverse mode) appended after the original file name, and before the file extension. See below the exported file name.
.br
.B "	filename_original.gt	filename_original_iid.gt"
.br
.B "	filename_original2.gt	filename_original2_rsid.gt"
.LP
More details see the available options.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB-D\fR | \fB--destination\fR \fIpath/to/destination\fR
.br
	The path of the destination directory. Empty value is pretended as \*(lq\fI./idd\fR\*(rq is supplied. In reverse mode, empty value is default to \*(lq\fI./rsid\fR\*(rq.
.LP
\fB-f\fR | \fB--file\fR \fIpath/to/destination\fR
.br
	Single File mode. The path of file must be supplied. In this mode, file extension is not limited to '.gt' but preferably to still have a file extension present to aviod error. 
.LP
\fB-h\fR | \fB--help\fR
.br
	Display the usage.
.LP
\fB-r\fR | \fB--reverse\fR
.br
	Reverse mode. The rsid records will be queried instead of any other private id. Can be combined with single file mode.
.LP
\fB-s\fR | \fB--source\fR \fIpath/to/source\fR
.br
	The path of the source directory. Empty value is pretended as \*(lq\fI.\fR\fR\*(rq is supplied, thus the current working directory is used.
.LP
\fB-v\fR | \fB--version\fR
.br
	Prints the version.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Report bugs to the project Github directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Jiaming Zhang, part of the Check De Test project 2022.
